Previously on Dexter.
We must catch them at the shipyard.
He's gonna find out
and then he's gonna kill me.
Harry knew my mother.
Why would Rita have Narcotics Anonymous
literature if Paul's dead?
Because recently l entered the program.
How many fucking ways
do l have to tell you l'm fine?
This is my department. l need to know
you're fit for duty. That's my job.
l always eat lunch at one o'clock.
You'll learn that about me.
Sit down.
You're very fidgety.
Anyone ever tell you that?
My father. You applying for the job?
But you said you'd call. Where are you
and when are you coming back?
- Tomorrow morning.
- Promise you'll stop by the house?
- l'll see you soon.
- ls she cool with this?
- l didn't tell her.
- l don't care what you did.
I'm not sure who made me what I am.
Thing is, l've met someone
who doesn't care.
l want to talk to you about Coral Cove.
- What about it?
- The algae on the rocks sent us there.
l'd seriously consider moving your boat.
Security out there sucks ass.
When l get back, l need to make sure there's
no blood traces on my boat.
This isn't a commerciaI marina
but l see the upkeep is dismal,
so l'm ordering 24-hour surveillance
on this marina and the others.
There's another shipment
coming in tomorrow. Cocaine.
- How much?
- 300 bricks, give or take.
- Can you get your hands on some?
- That wasn't part of our agreement.
Look, we need hard evidence, otherwise
it's just your word against Estrada's.
l'll protect you. l promise.
You better.
Would you meet me later?
Laura, the tape's still rolling.
Very convincing.
What was that?
Laura, the tape's still rolling.
Damn it.
My mother,
confidentiaI informant and mumbIer.
Whatever she had to whisper,
l probably don"t want to hear.
lt seems that my foster father and
my biological mother were having an affair.
lt's bad enough l can't shake the visual
but the questions...
Did he bIame himseIf for her death?
ls that why he took me in?
Did he love her or was he just using her?
Was he using me?
l thought Harry's code was on-the-spot
creative problem solving
but maybe he planned for me
to settle the score all along.
It's times Iike this I wish
l really were a drug addict.
l had problems as a kid
because of what happened to my mother.
Harry said he'd help me
but we only talked about his rules.
l spent so much time trying
to live up to his expectations
because l thought he had
my interests in mind but. . .
lf you come over this late,
at least you could bring me a coffee.
- sorry.
- Cappuccino. Make a note of it.
Truth is, Dex, doesn't really matter
why Harry did what he did.
The result's the same.
You have an addiction.
Do you think Harry made me what l am?
Plenty of people go through trauma
without turning to addiction.
Whatever Harry taught you
led you down the wrong path.
But l built everything in my life
on what Harry said l was supposed to be.
My job, girlfriend. . .
lt's all what Harry told me l needed.
What do you think you need?
l have no idea.
Whatever's inside you is splattered
all over that paper that l took from your lab.
Looks messy.
lt probably is.
Look, Dexter,
everyone has a moment when they realize
that their value system
is different from their parents'.
Mine was in college, but, hey,
maybe you're a late bloomer.
- Lucky me.
- Damn right, lucky you.
You get to have a fresh start.
Whatever you thought,
whatever you did doesn't matter.
Now you get to figure out who you are.
l went to Lila for answers
but now all l have is more questions.
Who am I? What do I need?
What do I want?
Coffee. l really want a cup of coffee.
- What up, half-day?
- ls there coffee left?
- You're late.
- l fell asleep before you got home.
Were you at Rita's?
You're welcome, ass.
- Your brother looks like shit.
- Tell me about it.
l may be out of line with this
but did he fall off the wagon?
What wagon? The only wagon
Dexter's ever had is a Radio Flyer.
Your brother's a junkie.
- lsn't he?
- Dexter?
Are you high? He's never even
smoked a cigarette.
l'm glad you got some new material, though,
'cause "freak" and "psycho" were getting tired.
Agent Lundy.
So, l hear a rumor you're tracking
all our internet activity.
So is it true?
'Cause l can explain all that she-male stuff.
- l need my team outside in five minutes.
- That sounds important.
Got a major break. Patrol found a guy
saying he escaped the Bay Harbor Butcher.
He claimed he was captured
a couple hours ago.
Well, that"s a neat trick, considering
l was asleep. At least trying to sleep.
- Could be good news for me.
- Morgan.
- Yes.
- The other Morgan.
l'd like you to join us if you can spare him.
That's fine with me.
- ls there blood?
- Not that l'm aware of.
- But what about Masuka?
- Yeah, l'm the lead forensics investigator.
Masuka's lab work is pressing.
l need him to hold down the fort here.
He totally saw the she-male stuff.
So, what do you say? l'll buy you lunch after.
- Pork sandwich, right?
- Yes. sure.
Good. l figured it was time to get
a fresh perspective on the case.
Rumor has it you have a knack
for attracting serial killers.
- l hear the same about you.
- Dexter also enjoys walks on the beach
- and foreign films.
- Then we've got a lot to talk about.
He knocked me out.
Then, when l woke up,
l was tied up in that train car over there.
- You said he used rope?
- Dumb fuck.
l stretched it out so l can get my legs free
and then busted out.
Ran across the road.
almost got hit by that guy's car.
So that's the alleged victim
of the Bay Harbor Butcher.
But I've never seen him before.
Dex!
O'Connor, Singer. Make sure
you take pictures of those footprints.
- Hey, Dex.
- Hey.
So the victim says the Butcher
held him in this train car.
Lundy wants a search for trace evidence.
Your spidey sense tingling?
- We'll see when l get inside.
- Take your time.
We've never been this close to this pendejo.
Closer than you think, amigo.
He may have borrowed my pseudonym
but this guy doesn't know
the first thing about my techniques.
Amateur.
What makes you think it was the Butcher?
He said the Bay Harbor Butcher's
gonna clean up Miami.
He said, "You're gonna get
what you deserve."
And what do you deserve, Mr. Henry?
Well, look, the butcher kills criminals, right?
l just got out of jail, you know?
Six years for aggravated assault
and home invasion. so...
He kills murderers.
You didn't kill anyone, did you?
All right, l gave this old guy a heart attack.
lt's not like l was doing it on purpose.
l used to hit. you know.
retirement homes, communities.
Snowbirds are easy targets.
And l don't do that any more. l did my time.
Your mother must be so proud.
l want to check out
the train car with your brother.
Why don't you, er, keep an eye on our friend
here while we confirm his story?
Oh, yeah. Sure.
Killing tools left behind.
I'd never be this careIess.
whoever did this would
never pass Harry's muster.
Then again, neither would Harry.
He lied about my past. He cheated on my
foster mother with my biological mother.
Maybe Lila"s right. lt"s time
for a new set of standards.
lf you were the Bay Harbor Butcher,
would you use a place like this?
Actually, yes. Locationwise,
it's not a bad choice.
lt's quiet, remote.
Could use an upgrade
in the lighting department, but. . .
So you think this is our guy?
Not exactly.
From what l understand, this space
doesn't support his MO.
lt's filthy, for one thing.
Butcher's clean, orderly. . .
. . .and some people would say compulsive.
- Really? You think he's compulsive?
- This doesn't fit. either.
A hatchet is sloppy.
The butcher uses precise
surgical instruments.
Well. he's not that predictable. is he?
He mixes it up, different tools every time.
And never rope.
He uses duct tape and plastic wrap.
- Plastic wrap? How can you tell?
- Depression patterns in the skin.
Maybe the butcher's
having an identity crisis.
- lt's entirely possible.
- But not likely.
My guess is we're looking for a vigilante
inspired by the butcher's principles.
Bet he never thought he'd be a role model.
l bet you're right.
So, any new leads on the real guy?
Not yet. We're hoping the cameras'll
turn something up.
- Cameras?
- ln the marinas.
Put them in a couple of days ago
to monitor for suspicious activities.
Good news for all those cops
who keep boats at Coral Cove.
You've got one, too, right?
Yeah. Yeah. we've been needing
a security upgrade for a long time now.
Has Lundy seen me on the tape?
ls that why he invited me along today,
to mess with me?
Hey. l'm sorry if l was short with you this
morning. l'm lost without my morning coffee.
Whatever.
How was your play date with Lundy?
Did you bond?
You didn't say they put up
security cameras at the marinas.
They're not doing any good. We have
to update the station's computer system
before we can synch
with Lundy's equipment.
- so the cameras aren't recording?
- They are but nobody's seen the footage.
- Lundy said it should be fixed by tonight.
- Well, that's a relief.
Your mom told me about
your cultural presentation.
Did your teacher assign you a country yet?
Saudi Arabia.
No. That's lsrael.
- l won't tell the Saudis you said that.
- Cody's enjoying himself.
- Dexter's very patient with him.
- Dexter's a saint.
- Where's Astor?
- She's by the water.
l want to say goodbye.
l got to go. l was supposed
to meet Lila ten minutes ago.
- Who's Lila?
- His sponsor.
Really? A woman?
Yes, Mom. Dexter's sponsor is a woman.
ls that a problem?
ls she attractive?
- Look. Mom...
- l'm just curious.
ls she?
l have an idea. Why don't you and Lila
have dinner with us?
That's very kind of you, Gail, but, erm. . .
lt would be nice if we got to know the woman
you're spending so much time with.
- Mom, they're doing step work.
- But they have to eat, right?
- Oh, here. Let me help.
- Thank you.
So lovely of you to have me over.
Now l can put names to faces.
Dexter talks about you all the time.
Good things, l hope.
Dexter never says a bad word
about anyone.
Tell me, Lila. What exactly
are you recovering from?
l'm a meth addict.
Sober five years.
l don't know much about meth.
Rita's ex-husband shot heroin.
Like Dexter.
Guess we know your type, don't we?
Just can't seem to help myself.
You have nothing to worry about.
With Dexter, l mean.
l'm sitting right here.
- l didn't mean to imply. . .
- No. l completely understand.
Rita's your little baby.
You have every right to be concerned.
But if l can reassure you,
Dexter's doing incredibly well.
Well, l'm happy to hear that.
l'm sure it has everything to do with you two.
From what he tells me,
you're very supportive.
Dexter's lucky to have you.
That's very sweet of you to say.
So, Lila, tell us more about yourself.
Dexter tells me you're an artist.
Yeah, she does amazing things
with a blowtorch. What's it called?
Talent?
But l'm not the only artist
at the table.
Dexter? Since when?
lt's not really art. She's talking
about a blood-spatter pattern from work.
What kind of career choice
is blood spatter. exactly?
He helps catch criminals, Mother.
And it makes perfect sense, really.
What with Dexter's mother and everything.
You know.
She's. . .dead.
Forgot the bread.
Dinner was fantastic, Rita.
And this dessert. Wow.
l never thought l'd say this
but l kind of like her.
Yeah, me too. She's really helping me.
l wish she didn't have to help you tonight.
- Why? What are you thinking?
- Mm. My mom could watch the kids.
l have to swing by the office tonight.
l need to take care
of something really important.
Oh, honey, can't it wait till morning?
l promise we'll go straight to bed.
You're very convincing
but it needs to get done tonight.
Just give me an hour, OK?
- Meet you back at my place?
- OK.
l think it's funny you write children's books.
Yeah. a big. tough guy like me should do
something manly, huh, like wrangling cattle?
l don't even know any kids' books.
My dad told me cop stories before bed.
lt was really the only alone time
l ever got with him.
- You OK?
- Yeah.
Sorry. Just an annoying day at work.
You know that FBl guy l was talking about?
l was really starting to feel
like l was his go-to girl but. . .
- He realized Dexter is the superior Morgan.
- That's not true.
l should be used to it.
lt was like that with my dad, work.
- l hoped with Lundy it would be different.
- Why?
l don't know.
l respect him.
He's great at his job,
super smart,
and funny but in this really dry way
where he doesn't even know it.
You love him.
What?
- No.
- You do. You have a crush on Grundy.
- Lundy.
- Oh, now you're touchy about it.
l don't have a crush on him. He's like
my dad. except l spent my whole life
trying to get my dad to notice me and he
actually pays attention to what l have to say.
- And Grundy loves you.
- Oh. fuck off.
Lundy's good. Double locked.
And a bit beyond my expertise.
l could try to crack it open
but in my own station...
Too risky.
l can do this more often
now that my mom's in town.
l feel like we're being bad.
Bad? Bad is good.
Oh, let the machine get it.
Hey, Dex, just calling to check in.
To have a debriefing on dinner.
l thought it went well, don't you?
- l'd say so.
- Rita's sweet. Very Martha Stewart.
l love Martha Stewart.
God, her mum. She"s got quite
the rod up her arse, doesn't she?
By the way, l am such a twat. l can't believe l
almost slipped up about your mum.
CouId have been worse. I couId have
spilled the beans about our road trip.
- Don't you dare.
- Can you imagine Rita's face
if l'd told her that you and l
had spent the night together in a hotel?
- Anyway...
- You and Lila stayed in a hotel together?
- We had adjoining rooms.
- Adjoining rooms? Right.
l am such an idiot. l can't believe
l defended you to my mother
- while you slept with another woman.
- Wait.
l thought you were different than Paul
but you're the same.
Actually. you're worse.
You made me trust you.
- Rita, please, let me expl. . .
- l've had it!
l have been patient and understanding
but there's only so much l can take.
You're a liar and a cheat and l am through.
lt's over, Dexter.
Tracy was given
the Iiver of an accident victim...
Hi, honey. l thought you were
spending the night at Dexter's?
We had a fight. l think we broke up.
What?
Mama's here.
Yesterday l was so hopeful.
A new me, a new life.
But a life without Rita seems strange.
What in the name of fuck
are you doing up so early?
l got to get to the station.
Are you OK?
You seem weird, weirder than usual.
Rita broke up with me last night.
Seriously?
What happened?
lt's a long story.
- l've got time.
- Yeah, but l don't.
- Cliff Notes.
- She thinks l did something bad but l didn't.
- Did you tell her that?
- l tried.
But she dumped me
before l had a chance to explain.
- She said, "lt's over," and left.
- Well. did you go after her?
- Was l supposed to?
- You're such a guy.
When l get pissed, l say stuff l don't mean.
"l hate you." "l faked it."
- "You're hung like a grape."
- You lost me.
When Rita said, "lt's over,"
l'm sure she didn't actually mean it's over.
Stop being a douchebag
and go fight for her.
- She's fucking perfect.
- l know.
Hello? Oh, hey.
Sure, l'll be right there.
Yeah. l'll tell him.
Bye.
- Who's that, Gabriel?
- No. Lundy.
He's holding a meeting at the station
about the Bay Harbor case.
He specifically requested that you be there.
l missed my window.
He's already seen the footage.
- Me? Why?
- Because you're his new butt buddy.
- You gonna be OK?
- Check back with me later.
The show's started but have they seen
the feature presentation,
Bane Of The Bay Harbor Butcher,
starring Dexter Morgan as himself?
- So, it's all synched up?
- Yep.
You can watch streaming video
of the marina now if you want to.
Yeah. Maybe you'll get to see
some pontoon poon.
Did you. . .need something?
That's not my marina...yet.
l'll make my on-screen debut soon. l've got to
figure out how to get to those video files.
The media frenzy on the Bay Harbor Butcher's
come back to bite us.
Big surprise.
Now we've got a wannabe
vigilante out there
who liked the Butcher's style and thought,
"Hey, l should try this at home."
He attacked this man, John Henry,
ex-convict, preyed on the elderly.
lt gets better. l have already
received reports of ads on craigslist
and shop bulletin boards.
requesting the butcher's services.
People think they've found
their own personal Batman.
This is not good news. This kind of thing
catches on, we're looking at an epidemic.
- Like herpes.
- Fuck, Masuka, l'm trying to listen.
One in four, Morgan. One in four.
Vigilante justice is domestic terrorism.
And terrorism prevention
is the FBl's top priority.
l have done my best to be diplomatic
but if we lose one life to a vigilante,
l will pull this case from Miami Metro
and hand it over in full to the bureau,
that's a promise.
That"s a disaster.
lt'd be raining Feds in Miami.
So, if we want to keep the investigation here,
we need to nip this in the bud.
make an example of our would-be vigilante.
We don't need a bunch
of weekend warriors...
l think l found a suspect.
- Could you?
- Yeah.
Ken Olson. Olson's mother was hurt badly
in a home-invasion robbery.
- Guess who hurt her?
- Oh, please tell me John Henry,
- our train-car victim?
- l think Olson attacked him for revenge.
- Any evidence?
- Circumstantial.
- Can you get him in for questioning?
- Can't find him.
OK. Leak this to some
of your media contacts.
Let's beat this guy out of the bushes.
Nice work. Let's get moving.
l need hard evidence on this Olson and fast.
And if you can find the guy, even better.
The full force of the FBl?
That's the last thing l need.
l've gotta make sure Lundy gets his man
after l figure out a way to erase the marina
files and make up with my girlfriend.
Then l'll tackle world hunger
because things can't get much worse.
There's another shipment
coming in tomorrow. Cocaine.
- How much?
- 300 bricks, give or take.
- Turn it off.
- That wasn't part of our agreement, Harry.
l said turn it off.
l heard what you said.
l just don't take orders from you.
ls there a reason you're
in my lab, Sergeant Doakes?
ls there a reason you're listening to tapes
as old as you are, Morgan?
l had a little talk with your sister.
She didn't know you were in program.
- Anonymous. sergeant.
- How long you say you been clean?
Actually. l didn't. because
it's none of your goddamn business.
So if l took a hair from your desk
and ran it for drugs.
it would come back positive, right?
Because why would someone
pretend to be an addict if he's not. . .
Unless he's got something
a hell of a lot worse to hide?
Back. . .
the fuck. . .off.
You wanna hit me? Go for it.
l been waiting for a chance
to take your ass out.
l know how you feel, Sergeant.
l wanna file a formal complaint
against Doakes.
Jesus, Dexter, the two of you. . .
He crossed the line, Lieutenant.
He broke into my lab.
He went through my personal things.
He threatened me.
- He'll probably start tailing me again.
- Doakes tailed you?
For weeks, maybe longer.
OK, you have every right to file a complaint
but. before you do that.
- l'd like the chance to talk to James myself.
- He's really not much of a talker.
l'm asking you, as a personal favor
to me, to hold off.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
ln the meantime, l strongly encourage you
to take a break for a couple of hours.
- Just go somewhere. Cool off.
- No.
- Excuse me?
- l need to be here, Lieutenant.
- This is not a good time for me to leave.
- lt isn't a suggestion. lt's an order.
Clear the station. Clear your head.
l don't want to see you here until after lunch.
Understood?
Blimey, look at you.
You want to tell me what's going on?
What's going on? Being the new me sucks.
l'm about to be found out at work
for what l am, for what l really am.
And l can't stop it because l got kicked out
of the office to cool off.
Well, it seems to be going well for you.
Add to that that Rita heard your message
and dumped me last night.
l explained that nothing happened
but she wouldn't listen.
- Nobody fucking listens to me!
- You need to calm down. OK?
Last time l saw you like this,
you came back covered in blood.
so? You're the one who said
l'm supposed to feel my feelings.
Now l'm telling you
to get them under control.
- You don't understand.
- Why don't you make me?
Which step was that?
The naughty one.
What are you thinking?
Absolutely nothing.
l guess we found a way to quiet
the voices in your head.
l guess so.
How do you feel?
Much better, actually.
l guess l must be a good sponsor after all.
Definitely.
And where are you off to?
l still have that thing at work to deal with.
Well, come back tomorrow.
l promise you some serious recovery.
- Hello?
- Dexter, hey.
- You at work?
- Er, l will be soon.
l was just taking a break.
- What's going on?
- l'd really like to get together and talk.
l don't like how our last conversation ended.
- Me neither.
- You said you wanted to explain,
and l owe it to you to hear
you out, l owe it to us.
Oh. Wow, OK.
So, can you come over after work?
- Sure.
- Great.
Great.
Apparently my new life
involves a love triangle.
l'm that guy.
The voices are back. ExceIIent.
James.
You were tailing Dexter?
What were you thinking?
lf you wanted lunch, you could have asked.
lf Dexter files a complaint, you will be
kicked off the force. end of story.
There's a reason he hasn't
reported me until now.
- He's hiding something. l can feel it.
- ls this one of your conspiracy theories?
lt's instinct and a hell of a lot of experience.
l've spent years looking the enemy in the
face. l'm telling you Morgan is dangerous.
Your instincts haven't been
that great these days, James.
Two shootings in the last six months,
stalking a police employee. . .
Listen to me.
He lied about the lce-Truck Killer.
That crack pipe knew more than he told us.
He was trying to protect his sister.
You should understand that.
l followed him to an NA meeting.
That asshole lied about that, too.
- You're obsessed.
- l'm not.
You are, and l need you to see it,
as your boss and as your friend.
We've been here before.
Last time it cost you our relationship.
This time it's gonna get you
kicked off the force or worse.
l'll take my chances.
Let it go. l mean it.
Leave Dexter alone.
Did Batista's suspect come in yet?
The wannabe vigilante?
Olson just came in.
Saw himself on the three o'clock news
and showed up with his lawyer.
l hope we nail his ass to the wall.
l love it when you talk dirty.
- Morgan.
- Right here.
Oh, the other Morgan.
l didn't know you were a smoker. Mm.
Have you seen Dexter Morgan?
Oh, he's on a break. Why?
Batista's got a suspect
in interview room one.
We think he's the vigilante
who attacked our train-car victim.
l need Morgan to take scrapings.
You want to use Dexter again?
lsn't Masuka on your task force?
Yes, he is.
Mr. Olson, the man who assaulted your mom
was attacked yesterday.
- Did you know that?
- No. Can't say l'm upset, though.
- Son of a bitch almost killed my mom.
- My client's emotional.
- He's not trying to say. . .
- Any idea who did it?
l don't know. Maybe it was the Butcher.
lf you ask me. that guy should be
running the police force, not hiding from it.
- ls this a lion or a hippo?
- l think it's a lion.
Tastes like a hippo.
- Animal Cracker?
- No. thank you.
What do you do
for a living, Mr. Olson?
- l just lost my job.
- That's too bad.
l see that you have a minor assault record
and no alibi for yesterday morning.
My client didn't realize he needed one.
- Do you have a girlfriend, Mr. Olson?
- she just broke up with me.
- Why, you interested?
- Just curious.
Now, this is a lion.
All right, let me keep this all straight.
No job, no relationship.
- You got guns and a minor assault record.
- And l voted for George Bush...
Detective, were you getting at something?
What he's getting at
is that your client fits the profile
of someone who'd commit
a vigilante offence.
l think you're a ticking time bomb.
You ask me, you just needed a reason
to take the law into your own hands.
The Butcher was the perfect excuse.
- You don't know me.
- We know you attacked John Henry.
You need proof to make those
kinds of accusations, Detective.
You heard the man, Detective.
We've got work to do.
Make yourself comfortable.
We're just getting started with you.
That's my marina.
And, in Iess than 30 minutes,
I'II be on that screen.
I need to take care of this and fast.
I'm out of time.
l need an idea, a sign, anything.
What wouId the oId Dexter do?
Definitely not that.
No security cameras.
Apparently the new Dexter's stuck
in high school. Maybe l am a late bloomer.
A fire drill? Are you kidding?
We have work to do.
lt's probably one of those kids in the bullpen.
lt's something l would have done.
Well, at least it stopped raining.
All clear. Everybody out.
All clear! Everybody out!
Respect the vest.
Don't make me take out my hose.
Like it never happened.
lf only the rest of life
were so easy to figure out.
Where you headed? l figured
you'd be checking out the firemen.
Arranging protective custody
for that piece-of-shit train car victim.
- Why?
- We have nothing on Olson.
Not even enough to get a search warrant.
ls that Olson's file?
lf we don't get something soon,
Lundy has to let him go, Olson'll kill again,
we lose the Bay Harbor Butcher case
to the FBl and we're all fucked.
- Some more than others.
- No shit.
Till Lundy showed up, l felt like the dipshit
who slept with the lce-Truck Killer.
lf he pulls the plug, l go back
to being the resident retard.
Chin up, little sister. These things
have a way of working themselves out.
I have to find a piece of evidence to make
sure Lundy catches Olson fair and square.
Looks like l have a fan club,
membership of one.
Why are you interested
in the Bay Harbor Butcher?
- Who the fuck are you?
- Holy shit, you're him, aren't you?
Stop. Stop. Don't kill me. Don't kill me.
l'm like you. l take out criminals.
You mean you try. . .pitifully.
No, that was just the last one.
He got away. l should have
never made it personal.
- You've killed others?
- That's what l'm saying.
First was a drug dealer.
l ran him down with my car.
lt felt, it felt fucking great,
even better than the free stash
l got off him.
And then this guy at work
found out l was fucking his wife.
He started to beat on her.
so l pushed him down a stairwell.
The cops thought it was
an accident, but it was me.
See, you can't kill me.
l wasn't going to. . .
. . .until now.
This is what the kill room should look like,
the inside of a big plastic bag.
l spent hours working
in this train car yesterday,
so l'm not too worried
about trace evidence.
To your credit, your location
was well chosen.
lt just needed a little cleaning,
a few lights, proper tools, of course.
- l did it because of you.
- No.
- You attacked them because you wanted to.
- But you inspired me.
- l didn't.
- With your principles.
- They're not my principles.
- They are.
Don't tell me who l am.
All my life, l've done what someone else said l
should. been who he said l should be.
l followed his rules, stuck to his plan.
l never stopped to think about what l wanted
and what l needed.
And now l don't know
who l'm supposed to be.
l'll tell you one thing, though.
l'm not the Bay Harbor Butcher.
l'm not anybody's role model.
What are you talking about, then?
Who are you?
l'll let you know when l figure that out.
Though. l gotta tell you.
l am well on my way. because. as sure
as l'm standing here, l don't need to kill you.
- That's a relief.
- That need from within
that always drives me to this table,
l don't feel it.
- l'm in recovery.
- Well, l knew you weren't gonna kill me.
No, l'm gonna kill you. l have to.
l just don't need to.
lt's very empowering.
Anyone in there, make yourself known!
- Arm.
- Leg.
Head.
lt's Olson, gift-wrapped.
lt would seem the Butcher is watching us,
tracking the investigation.
That wouldn't be too hard.
But why leave the body for us? That's a first.
Probably didn't take too kindly
to the idea of Olson imitating him.
lt's a pretty way to discourage others.
l hate to say it but he probably
did us a favor.
Take the law into your own hands.
the Bay Harbor boogeyman'll get you.
lt's the first time we've been where
the Bay Harbor Butcher's actually been.
Let's get busy.
- Anybody seen Lundy?
- Over there on the phone.
He's talking to DC, l think.
Oh, shit. ls he gonna pull the case from us?
Sure, have Robinson call me.
He's got my cell.
l came over here for some privacy, Morgan.
- sorry...
- Too much background noise over there.
Hearing's the first thing to go.
Or is it memory? l always forget.
You gonna pull the case from us?
You said if anybody died...
At the hands of a vigilante.
This was our killer.
l'm afraid you're still stuck with me.
Will your brother be here tomorrow?
Yeah, l think so.
l'll tell him you want him
in shouting distance.
- Hey, what just happened?
- lt's cool.
- He's always been the family superstar.
- Who?
Dexter, your new go-to guy.
Oh, this isn't about Dexter.
lt's about Masuka. l can't stand him.
lf l hear one more titty joke,
l'll punch him in the face.
Really?
Any north unit,
request for escort from Orange Belt to JMS.
Hey.
Come on in.
Sit down.
l was angry before
when you tried to explain.
This time l'll listen.
l'm sorry l didn't tell you
about the road trip.
Lila. . .
came with me to Naples as my sponsor.
- That's all.
- Why would you need her in Naples?
You remember when l went out of town?
l went to find the man who killed my mother.
What are you talking about?
A lot of stuff has been coming up for me in
recovery, things l never thought l'd deal with.
l watched my mother die when l was three.
Oh, Dexter.
- l'm so sorry.
- She was murdered in front of me.
l saw it happen.
l think that has a lot to do
with why l'm...
Why l do the things l do.
Of course. Of course, it makes sense.
l found the man who killed her in Naples.
l thought maybe if l talked to him,
l could find some kind of closure.
That's why Lila came with me, for support.
- What?
- This was a huge moment in your life
and you chose to include Lila but not me.
- She's my sponsor.
- And l'm your girlfriend.
l was afraid you wouldn't understand.
OK.
OK. So, let me try to understand now.
You and Lila went away together
as sponsor and sponsee.
And you really did have adjoining rooms.
Yes.
- So, you didn't have sex that night?
- No.
OK.
Not that night.
Leave.
Rita.
No, please. Leave now.
There was a time I wouId have
done anything to protect Rita.
I wouId have even Iied.
But today l told the truth
even though l knew she'd get hurt.
Maybe l am leaving the old me behind.